My thoughts on the microservices architecture (MSA) is that, especially in our modern society, it is able to push the boundaries for software systems with its disruptive features like its better scalability and agility; This is enough for companies to transition from the traditional monolithic software. Although the thought of MSA being able to effortlessly add and update parts of the system without disrupting is fascinating, this may be more troubling than its worth when transitioning to it. I think when looking from the management’s perspective, companies huge and small must evaluate the opportunity cost of switching to microservices and whether or not it’s worth the time & resource to develop it in the first place. As a person who’s pursuing a minor in finance, the main problem with microservices for these companies is that it's just a dramatic change to their system, the costs simply might outweigh the benefits. Every company is different so it doesn’t matter to them because companies like Amazon, Netflix, Spotify and Twitter have adopted to combat the ever increasing traffic volumes from users and constantly new updates, features and capabilities. These companies usually revolve around e-commerce, social media, streaming or heavily rely on the internet for their products and services. Most organizations won’t have the same problems as listed but ever so often need to add new updates effortlessly. 
So unless companies need to support their CD practice, typically companies who have a big presence in the internet with online services & products value scalability and agility the most. Overall, I personally don’t think it's a big leap forward to be adapted by most businesses because it's either too much of an overhaul or those who attempt to do so will find it the amount of resources to allocate to this endeavor to be disruptive and will switch to miniservices instead. While many praise the value of the microservices, it overshadow the significance of miniservices; This is due to the fact, miniservices is a less extreme version of microservices and therefore an easier system to transition toward while offering what most organizations need which is more than enough. 
